# Core Concepts
- DOS (Denial of Service), is a cyber-attack that makes a server unavailable to its intended users. DOS is typically accomplished by taking advantage of defects in the service functions of targeted system network or consuming the system resources directly. The purpose is to make the system of the target customer unavailable and cannot provide normal service.
- DDOS (Distributed Denial of Service), a distributed denial of service attack. It refers to combining multiple computers into a “zombie machine” by means of hacker's technique, to carry out DDoS attacks on one or multiple targets to cause multiple times of denial power of service attack, so that the victim is unable to provide network services.

- Traffic cleaning: JD Cloud server provides the Anti-DDoS Basic by default. when the network traffic exceeds a threshold, traffic cleaning is carried out automatically. The method comprises the following steps: Orienteering a traffic from an original network path to a cleaning device, performing normal and abnormal judgment on the traffic components of the IP through a cleaning device, discarding the abnormal traffic, limiting the traffic of the final arrival server to reduce the harm caused by the attack to the server, but may cause injury to a normal portion of the traffic.

- Black Hole: The cloud will screen all access to the server when the server is vulnerable to an attack traffic that exceeds the maximum protection capacity set. For basic protection, a traffic access exceeding 2G triggers a black hole.
